100 years ago,
this island in Taiwan...
had nothing
Only romance
Legend has it
There were two lovers
And one day
The man was fishing
His boat sank
The woman...
saw it onshore
She swam out
No one ever saw them again
Some say
they became dolphins
All dolphins around this island...
came from them
They all make...
"Bu... Bu" noises
Nice story?
So snooty
You told a horror story
Don't get involved
Have some melon
No
You're like...
those dolphins
So picky
You named me Bu
I've told you so often
Don't mix Mandarin...
with Cantonese
Bu's Mandarin and Cantonese...
are now both accented
You teach her Mandarin then
Get off my case
That's Cantonese again
Which I don't speak
What did you say?
Tell me
Skipper Restaurant
Open bar, folks
One more round
Drink up
Go in and take a seat
Long time no see
One more round?
Not tonight
Can't afford it
On the house
Bu, 6 beers, on me
They come everyday
Never pay
Add water...
to the beer
That trick again?
Bu Yes?
Hurry
Here
Did you add water?
No!
No, very good
C'mon
Cheers
Why, Bu?
Idiot
You could've spared me
They sing
Watch TV
Or pick fights
This island
Has no room...
for romance
Done
Beautiful
I learned it...
from a magazine
Bu
I brought you something
I've never seen...
an oyster this big
Any pearls?
No
Must be expensive
NT$3,000
Thanks
And this
It's my friend's shop
He'll give us a discount
I'm...
Proposing?
No, I just want to...
Yes, I'm proposing
With...
a big oyster?
Of course not
The oyster's not...
Marry me
Okay
I'll consider it
Poor Longyi
This oyster's not cheap
He proposed to me
Really?
You love him?
Well, he's actually...
Not bad
Your answer
Shouldn't be over 4 words
You love him, or you don't
You left Hong Kong...
to marry dad, why?
He was quite a hunk
A good cook too
You're a good cook
He's better
He cooks with love
What's loving someone like?
You miss him
The sight of him thrills you
You ache
When he's gone
You could watch him forever
Even when he's sleeping
You're in love
If you feel like that
Okay?
You miss Hong Kong?
Yes, especially its Chinese Pot Rice
I see
You don't love Longyi
Take mama's advice
Trust your heart
Do what you have to do
Bu
Hey, kid
Got some news
Longyi proposed
Don't laugh
Somebody said
Men and women...
exist in pairs
Till separated on earth
Then they go through life
Searching for one another
Bu
Where are you going?
Bu!
I'm waiting for you!
Hong Kong, Albert?
How romantic!
You're telling me something?
You choose for me
You just decided my future
Excuse me
You know a good cafe?
Sure, we'll go together
Thanks
Typical Taiwanese!
Pardon me?
You speak Cantonese?
Surprised?
Never flown before?
It shows?
Yes
You can get lost in Hong Kong
I'll show you around
I know...
all the trendy spots
I have fans everywhere
I'm a fun guy
Okay?
What?
Are you twins?
Please forgive me
Excuse me
Gangster's girlfriend
disappears
Morning, sir, working out?
No time
Bill, are you ready?
Good
Let's start
Morning, Mr. Chan
Any news from Wall Street?
Lion Fund...
is borrowing heavily
Even at...
a 20% interbank rate
Check the following
How many Nikkei Futures...
did they short?
Is Yen...
appreciating?
Is the lease for the US base...
in Japan expiring?
If both answer are affirmative
Buy whatever they sell
But this hedge fund
Is run by 2 Nobel Prize economists
Should be invincible
They're too greedy
on margin trading
Leveraging 10 times their worth
They're doomed
So go ahead
Yes, Mr. Chan
Thank you
Send this with 100 roses...
to Carman
During office hours
Didn't you break up?
We're still friends
Find someone and
settle down
Like who?
Those women around you
All so beautiful and elegant
Too elegant for me
What do you want?
Someone amusing
Make yourself at home
That bottle floated to Taiwan!
And you came...
all that way
How brave and romantic
However...
What?
I...
I'm gay
No
Yes
Really?
Really
No
Yes
Honest?
Honest
The bottle's for your boyfriend?
Ex-boyfriend
What?
Such a waste
Why?
You're a hunk
I'm not
That's stunning
That's what inspired you
I moved here because of it
Find a motel tonight
Fly home tomorrow
I've never traveled
This is a first
Think I'll stay a while
But Hong Kong...
is boring
Fly back tomorrow
My friend said
Hong Kong's fun
Great restaurants too
I'll find you...
a motel
I can't afford one
Hands off Wait
Let me stay here
Women can't stay here
I'll go nuts
Please
Sorry Please
I came all this way
To such a big let down
I don't deserve this
Goodbye
Bu
What?
Your suitcase
Your bag
I can't stand crying
Makes me feel so guilty
Okay, stay
I'll be your aide, in whatever you do
I'm a makeup artist
Best...
in Hong Kong
Exquisite
That's it
Hold that
Good
I'm starving
We'll wrap soon
How much longer?
6 hours
What?
Keep that door shut
We're reloading
You'll fog the film
You sound so nervous on the phone
What's the emergency?
No... no emergency
I just miss you. You don't miss me?
Sit down, I'll get you a drink
Tell me, what's going on?
Maybe you'd better go
C.N. You're cruising and
didn't invite me?
Why bother, here you are
The press says you're romancing my girl
You believe them?
Grow up, LW
Is it true?
Yes
We've been competing since grade school
You've been interested in...
our stock lately
I'm interested in all stocks,
not just yours
My associates and I
Hold a majority of the shares
You can't touch my company
We'll see
You're on my yacht
Dating my girl
And you talk to me like this
Why did you want me here?
For an apology
To make it easier on you
I'm leaving now
Call me...
to apologize in...
5 minutes
What time is it?
5:30
Why wear...
a watch
That can't tell time
I like the diamonds
Watch him
If he doesn't call me in five
Throw him overboard
But give him a buoy
Yes, boss
Call me
Bye, boss
Call him
Or you'll get wet
Make it snappy
I've got a hot date
Don't force us to do it
Get a buoy
Right
Come
Hands off
Easy
Almost
Bye
Here comes the buoy
It's Fatty
Fatty fell over
Don't go
Help him up
Over there
Scared me
You okay?
I'm fine
Call you
Where is he?
You okay?
Don't fall over again
You! He's here!
In the rear
Help...
Hold tight
Close
You see him?
No
Look again
Over there
He got away
Wait
The boss wanted him...
overboard with a buoy
Job's done, right?
Right
It's a wrap
Thanks
You okay?
You're...
Name's Bu
Bu?
You a refugee?
Yes
From Vietnam?
Right again
How many of you?
Just me, why?
Who's driving?
Give me a hand
I can't, I'm starving
Aren't you?
No, but I could use a snack
Let's talk
so I forget the hunger
About what?
What do you like?
Nothing?
Not even cars and women?
Don't just smile
Okay, what don't you like?
Nosy people
What don't you like?
Growing up,
I like being naughty
Nosy?
Naughty
And no one...
pampers you anymore
What do you like?
A shower when I'm sweaty
Snap out of bed...
to a cup of coffee
I'd like one now
Hong Kong stars are lovely
Stars are...
the same everywhere
If you care to look at them
What?
Shooting star!
Really?
Mom said when you see one
Touch your pocket and make a wish
And it'll come true
But I'm out of luck, no pocket
Another one
What's your wish?
Can't tell you
Or it won't come true
I'm so sleepy
A boat! Help!
Over here!
The Silicon Valley stocks?
They'll go even higher
Check one thing
Does LW control...
his company's shares?
Buy me a new mobile
It drowned
There's no transport...
around here
I'll give you a ride
Just tell me where I am
and I'll walk back
We're out
in the boonies, Miss
Name's Bu
Boo? Bu!
Just get in
Sure
Not you, this lady here
There are only 2 seats
I know
Here's 20 bucks
Around the corner...
are buses and cabs
Compulsive liar
Come in
Huge place, you live alone?
There's a butler
Must get crowded
Wait here
Can I look around?
Help yourself
Thanks
I'm starving
Some food please!
Need something?
Fish food
They're electronic fish
Come over here
Why electronic fish?
I never change the water
Fish never die, it's perfect
And if the power's out?
You invite friends over?
Don't have any
So boring, and lonely
Now what?
You like to fight?
Some golf,
some race horses
I box and work out
What's the octopus for?
You're so nosy
Sorry
This should fit, change in there
Betty, call me a cab
20 minutes? Great
There's a room...
behind the mirror
How would I have known?
Hungry?
Starving
Me too
Any Chinese pot rice?
What?
Best take out food ever
My favorite
A fancy kitchen and you don't cook?
I hate the smell
Don't stare. Eat up
Sure
Now what?
You're amusing when you eat
Are you rich?
I guess so
What do you do?
I'm into trash
C'mon
No, I sell trash
Be that way
Can I have a soda?
Juice is better for you
Bu took the lift down
What's wrong?
Stop moaning
You know
That bottle's very special
So special that...
all of a sudden
I'm feeding and sheltering you
Just like that
Remember I told you about...
C. N? More than once
Last night...
You told me that too
I think he's... nice
Nice?
These magazines are published weekly
And he changes girlfriends just as often
He's not nice, he's a playboy
Let's see
An ex-girlfriend says
He doesn't say sweet words
But he's a romantic man
He appears stem and talks tough
Inside he's like a kid
He's competitive and chases novelty
Never regrets any decision
With him...
You feel insecure
Meaning?
Chases novelty, so he fools around
No regrets,
so he enjoys dumping women
Maybe those women deserved it
They were insecure...
to begin with
Spare me
Hong Kong's boring anyway
Going home?
No, C.N. Is fun
You have to hook him first
Can't just walk up
And take off your clothes
That sure won't work
But you never know
He's competitive and
chases novelty
I have a plan, I need your help
No way
Please
Sorry
Please tell me
where your daughter is
She found a bottle
She's in Hong Kong
I have to get Bu back
Chow Yun Fat!
Mr. Chow
Wrong guy
You speak Mandarin?
I'm not Chow Yun Fat
Don't try to fool me
Sir, is he Chow Yun Fat?
Mr. Chow, you're back!
Fresh form Hollywood?
Please sign Can I take a picture?
You mind? OK
But... 1,2,3... say cheese
My turn, miss
Point a gun at me
Ready, 1, 2 Ready 1, 2, 3...
Thank you, Mr. Chow
Give me a hug
Thank you Mr. Chow Thank you
I'll send you the photos
Bye You're so sweet
Same as the photo
Print me a copy
He's such a hunk Bye
Bye
My bag!
We checked LW's company
Last year,
rumover grew 13%
Profit: Over HK$1 billion
Stock price is undervalued by 30%
We have acquired...
16% of the company
LW and his associates...
still hold 65%
But...
they're not selling
Dump all my stocks
If we dump them,
the price will plunge
We bought high, we'll take a huge loss
Just do it
I need to see K.K.
Yes, sir
Who's K. K?
Head of Environmental Protection
Going up or down?
I was seeing friends upstairs
There's no upstairs
Really?
Actually they live downstairs
Names?
I forgot
So quiet here
Can you get an 80% mortgage?
You messed up my wall
Excuse me?
Look!
Easy there
Let go
Who sent you?
Let go first
Like my writing?
Enough. I don't know kungfu
I'm just a messenger
Message?
My back pocket
Bully. You messed up my arm
Happy reading
Gangster's girlfriend...
disappears
What happened?
Fell down some stairs
You okay?
I'll live
Will he buy...
I'll a gangster's girlfriend?
How should I know?
Will it work?
Of course
What's next?
Showtime
Where are your pals?
You know we're bad
We're here to waste you
React!
My boyfriend... Speak Mandarin
Is a Taiwanese gangster
The sworn enemy of our boss
He wants you defaced
Frog, your turn
Believe it or not
You're front page news
Everyone's looking for you now
Yes. Looking awesome
You okay?
Yes, and you?
It's you!
You okay?
Yes
I don't know these goons
What?
Nothing
You can't be ID'ed
They're damn good actors
Back off
Stay here
Yeah, or I'll kill myself
You're bleeding
We'll spare you today
Don't provoke him
Cops will go after them
Not us
Hi, there
Sunny, sit... Sunny, sit
Thanks
Someone reported a fight
We were attacked
They leave any evidence?
Baseball bats
Sunny, smell
Any clues?
Sunny, you're clueless
Let's get help
My site, very safe
It's so trashy
I told you I sell trash
Expensive stuff too
Expensive? Trash is trash
Before you were...
a Vietnamese refugee
Now you're...
A Taiwanese gangster's girlfriend
So who are you, really?
A dangerous woman
Scared?
Never
Thrilled to be with me?
How'd you land the girlfriend's part?
I lived near a police station
with posters of wanted criminals
One of them was a hunk
I saw his poster everyday
And I fell in love
And?
I found him, stole his heart
How was he?
Cute, a great dancer
Really romantic
For being a dancer?
You dance?
Of course
This?
Sure
Tango?
That too
So common, nothing more exciting?
Sure Really?
Teach me
You'll be scared
No way
Hold me
Give me your legs
Right
Ready?
Help!
Exciting enough?
Yes
No more?
You aren't scared?
Never
More moves?
Just hold tight and
stay still
Enjoy the variations
Really? Okay?
Okay...
There
Run, 1, 2, 3
Wow! This is fun
Man's so busy
Making trash
The recycling business is a gold mine
They say...
What others abandon, I take
You did well last time
Slapped Lion Fund in the face
They all know you're my protégé
I'm flattered
Thank you
Don't thank me, thank yourself
Any new plans?
I heard you're buying LW's company
You know
what's the best win?
Winning one's battle...
with the enemy's respect
Stock Exchange's closed
And?
Our stock dropped 20%
Closed at $6.50
Our drop in asset value?
Over 2 billion
It's Chan,
he's dumping our shares
What's the news on him?
Rumors are he wants...
to buy our company
Then...
why dump his shares?
After buying them so high?
What's he up to?
Boss
What happened to you?
We wanted to get even. We ambushed Chan
Was he hurt?
Not a scratch
Thank God
Else...
I'd blame myself
And if...
Well,
you actually were hurt
And see, I feel guilty
It was your dad's idea
He screwed up
Ordering an ambush
Why not shoot Chan in the back?
That's much faster
Let's do it
No, it's wrong, it's cowardly
Challenge him openly
Right
Yes!
Let's hire a fighter from overseas
Tougher
Smaller
And...
Handsomer than Chan
He'll be devastated
What's that?
The signal means "Dismissed". Beat it
Tricky signals
Have you seen her?
That's Mary
No, that's Bunny
No, that's Mary
That's Bunny, come with me
No, that way
No
Another Bunny?
A masseuse
A masseuse?
Why not?
Oh my God, what's he doing?
Albert!
Do I look pretty?
Yes
What?
Your outfit
My Sunday best
Go to...
Jean-Paul's Boutique
I'll call him,
let him dress you
You feed, shelter,
and clothe me
You're my guardian angel
Your wish is...
my command
Bye
What?
How should I behave at dinner?
You're playing a gangster's lady
Use method acting
Teach me
Just act snooty
Feed, shelter, and clothe her
I'm an angel
She forgot something?
Yes?
Help!
It's you!
Where's Bu?
Please tell me where she is
Mr. Chan
Thanks
What's this?
Excuse me
The lady's so lovely
She deserves some wind effect
You look gorgeous
I know
Well?
A vintage wine, from '82
But I can also tell
The grape-picker was born in '60
Let's order
You order
You do Chinese Pot Rice?
Just kidding
Thank God!
You got a thing about people
watching you eat?
We don't want to be crowded
Excuse me
You booked the whole place?
Just you and me
I was hoping
To run into celebrities
You must really...
hate crowds
What about your friends?
Here comes one
Mr. Lo, you can't go in
Why'd you do it?
Dump my company's shares?
I'm at dinner,
call me tomorrow
You're hurting me
And yourself too
Mr. Lo, please leave
Sir
You look intelligent
I am intelligent
Then stay home and think
Devise a way...
to save your company
Who are you?
C.N.'s friend
He booked the whole place for me
You're disturbing us
That's so rude
Let's talk outside
We've talked enough
See you outside
That signal means "Follow me"
Wrong again?
You're snooty
So are my friends
it rubs off
You have to go?
It'll just take a minute
C.N.
Watch your back
I called,
cleared it with your boss
I'm meeting Mr. Chan
Close the parking lot for us
Relax, I'm footing the bill
Fine, Mr. Lo
You heard Mr. Lo, move out
Have fun, Mr. Chan
LW
What's up?
I want you to meet someone
I hired him from overseas
Ladies and gentlemen
Alan
An undefeated light-weight champion
He'll fight you one-on-one
But...
I'm a middle-weight
Too much of an edge
But if you lose
Think of the disgrace
Grow up
Nuts
Play this music for me
No problem
You have no choice
Why the gloves?
This is a boxing match
I'm not...
into crippling people
With gloves, it won't hurt?
Sure it'll hurt
But much less
All set
Watch your head
Music
Knock me down anyway you can
But no dirty tricks
They say you're a great fighter. Come on
Look! They're not gonna
let you leave here without a fight
You ask for it
Are you ready?
Of course
Alan's losing big time
No, Alan's just testing him
He's wearing Chan down
Wait Good
Changing gloves, why?
Even the odds
Bigger the glove,
bigger the handicap
Chan's punches are soft
I've come a long way,
I don't want a short game
Every boxer trains...
to his own music
When he fights,
it give him rhythm
And rhythm paces his steps
Chan has no rhythm
He's controlled by Alan
You're an expert
You should be fighting
Right
C.N. And I used to box
But I always lost
So I quit and became a...
Commentator
Wow!
You like that better?
Sure. I sound so invincible
But I'm just like you guys
Helpless
Chan used to have brilliant moves
Now he's a mess
Buying companies...
instead of training
Loser!
Chan's nervous, it's over
Good hit, but not enough power
Come on
You okay?
You win
We won
Let's kick him while he's down
Good idea
Don't be...
such cowards
Ganging up on a downed man
There's no honor in that
You're good
Get the car
My joy is done. He's good
C.N., you okay?
You must be delighted
No, but I thought I would be
You need help?
Damn it
C.N., call me
You didn't leave?
You asked me to wait
I came to find you
Did they gang up on you?
No, one-on-one, I lost
You'll get used to it
Just kidding
Start training tomorrow,
you'll beat them
I'll train, but not for them
For what then?
A strong body, a quick mind
I haven't trained in ages
Your huge gym, what a waste
I hate training alone
I'll join you
Why be so nice to me?
You're rich
You're cute when you smile
You looked grouchy just now
That's why you lost
Stick with smiling
These clothes and makeup don't fit you
Take tomorrow off
Why?
Say yes first
Yes, now why?
Play!
Memories are so many
Anticipation I now dare to indulge
I sketch a hazy future
Knowing this illusion is love
The tides of a lifetime
Widen the shores slowly
Quietly you and I meet
Our love proves life is ever changing
Shooting stars change courses
(We fall in love)
Miracles catch up with us (Finally)
Like eternity
Is the night really still young?
Currents change courses too
(We fall in love)
The crowds catch up with us (Finally)
I can think no more
But this love
Links the sea with the sky
My eyes have been raining
I can't hold on with both hands
I cry as we seek happiness
You're just like a shooting star
Those happy moments
Lock you between my brows
No matter how the world dazzles
It pales next to your eternal splendor
Shooting stars change courses
(We fall in love)
Miracles catch up with us (Finally)
Like eternity
Is the night really still young?
You love me?
I think you're quite...
Answer the question
The fact is...
C'mon
Answer in 4 words or less
I love you
Or I don't
When did you slip in?
I'm in love
Love's a dream
that leaves only emptiness
So don't get fooled by love
You're such an optimist
I have news for you
What?
Longyi's here
He almost strangled me
But I calmed him down
He's been drunk ever since
My fault
No way
Listen, love is not sympathy
You're tangled up...
with Chan
Don't let Longyi see you
Wine please No
Wait
Let go
No
Kitchen time
Kitchen
I need...
What?
I...
I need a glass
I'll get it
Go inside
No pushing
Albert
Where's the opener?
Smooth move
So cold!
Albert
Now what?
I need the opener
Where is it?
Hurry!
What's that?
The family above us
Has a brat
It's from above us?
Where else?
It's from above us
It's that brat again
Opener
Forget it
Drink it this way
Wait Come
Drink with me
You okay?
I must tell C.N.
A game...
is fun
Till its secret is revealed
I know he loves me
He skips work to be with me
I miss him day and night
I'm like a child again
Getting so attached to him
I see something beautiful
I want it for him
Something happens, I want to tell him
I'm so happy
And...
so cold!
You're in love
Need something?
Sake
Finish your wine first
I want sake
Just wait outside Sake
Hang on
Excuse me
Let's sing
This is not a Karaoke bar
We don't have time
We'll split this
Too much
Not at all
Enough
Cheers
You'll get drunk
Drink it
1... 2... 3...
Down!
Still kicking. Thank God
She's safe here
Here she is
Gloria, Bu
Gloria's a good friend
She's the one impersonating me?
Yes!
Not bad
You knew all along
Why con me?
You started it
All the love I felt between us
That was just an act?
Our happiness was no act
If you like,
stay in Hong Kong
What am I?
One of your women?
The bottle sent me to you
A fairy tale becomes...
a nightmare
My big mouth
No
Get her back
Weren't we on the same plane?
Back to Taiwan?
Yes
You had fun?
It was okay
I bought a lot,
what about you?
I...
I bought a story
A story!
Is it in an office building?
The government passed a law...
prohibiting the use...
of non-bio-degradable
styrofoam
LW's stock...
dropped drastically
From $6.80 to $1.20 a share
Major stockholders,
are dumping them
You knew...
the law would be passed?
It was only a matter of time
Should we borrow money?
Up to you guys
Mr. Chan,
you shouldn't buy a company
that's going down the drain
Just to...
get even
I won't
That's all for today
The acquisition...
is a go?
I'll let you know
Love is like falling maples
Like what?
Like falling maples
What does that mean?
I don't know
I've never seen you like this
Paper everywhere
Just do...
what you have to do
Again?
Forget it
What?
Nothing
Leave me alone
Fine, be that way
You broke it?
Good guess
Sir
Call 911
They'll stop me
Just call
See
What do you want?
You ruined our boss,
lost us our jobs
We came for payback
Mr. Chan
I heard you're back in training
Yes, I am
Rematch?
Mr. Lo sent you?
Mr. Lo is broke
It's not about money
Not now
You got no choice
You really enjoy fighting, don't you?
Only with the best
What are they talking about?
You never learned English...
in school?
C'mon, tell me
No
Okay
Rules?
No rules
Anything goes, but no dirty tricks
You like white
Are you sure?
I'm sure
Good training
Wait
Now what?
"What's you okay?" In English?
Are you okay?
Okay
Pretty good
I'm coming
Ready?
Come on
Smile, don't worry
Are you ready?
Come on
Don't worry, be happy
Let's dance
Let's finish
Get up
On your feet
You okay?
Yes
You won
I lost
Why?
Pound for pound
He'd have beaten me in no time
See if he's all right
You smell turpentine?
The boss is setting a fire
Fantastic
But we'll go to jail
Prison!
This is nuts
Watch it
No sweat
Hey, jail sucks, boss
You checked there's nobody inside?
Sure did
Good
Give this to dad
Tell him I love him
Give this to C.N.
Tell him I hate him
This is for the cops
I'm claiming all responsibility
Really?
You're going to jail, not us?
Me neither
Stand aside
C.N. And I go down together
Don't do it, boss
My eyes hurt
But so what?
I'm going to die anyway
Bye, Mary
Calm down, LW
It's all your fault
You took it too far
Dad kicked me off the Board
I have nothing now
I'm finished
What about us, boss?
Are we finished too?
You're asking me?
Yes
Shut up
Boss
Okay now?
Warmer still
How's that?
Just right
Your eyes still hurt?
Why be so nice to me?
You wanted to ruin me
Styrofoam's bad...
for the environment
It needs to be regulated
That motivated my acquisition
Let's be partners
In recycling paper
That's not like you
Ever since grade school
You've had to beat me
In whatever we do
You stole my girlfriends
And then dumped them
Never really loved them
I hated you so
I hated you too
Really? What for?
For always laughing
For being born so rich
For your name
Low Wow is a stupid name
I hated you most
For stealing my puppy love, Ann
So it boils down to Ann
But she dumped me
She married that...
Andy Law Andy Law
That nerd
So dull
We fought for so many years
But we each haven't committed
To loving only one woman
But what about Mary?
She's nothing
But you yelled "Bye Mary" just now
Weren't you engaged?
What happened?
I copped out
but she's one great dame
We were so happy together
Laughing all day long
Wish I could turn the clock back
But she moved overseas
I lost track of her
What's wrong?
See you later
Did I say something?
Skipper
Your Bu is back
Yes, she is. Cheers
Skipper, cheers
What's that?
Going to college?
Considering it
You've changed
Love changes people
Don't rush...
to forget him
Or it'll get worse
One day
You take a shower
Listen to music
And suddenly remember him
Then you've forgotten him
You're pretty when you smile
Bu
Albert
Where have you been?
I was so worried
You're not...
really my type
I like older men
I'm older than you
I mean here
Here?
If I were your girl
We'd break up in 3 days, tops
You'll get it
I miss you so
I was so worried about you
This must be your mother
This is...
Albert, my pal
Can you be my adopted brother?
Good idea
I'm the adopted mother?
Wait
Why not? Mom
Son
Mom
My Albert
Bu! Bu!
I missed you
You miss me?
Come back
Bu!
Scram
It's you who bullied my daughter
No, I didn't
You did too
She used to laugh all the time
Now she hardly smiles
My heart aches for her
What did you do to her?
Nothing
Then why is she like this?
Please let me talk to her
Just...
leave her alone
I don't speak Taiwanese
He said leave her alone
Beat it
Bu!
Get lost
Bu
Hit the road
I...
It's all right
You bullied my niece
Sir
I'll just sit here
Don't walk past me
You dad's a cool dude
Sir, you okay?
Are you hurt?
Leave us alone
Just 5 seconds with her, okay?
Waste of time
Bu, I...
Shut up
Bu!
I'm warning you
Either you kill me
Or let me talk to her
All right, come
Speak up
Now or never
Don't disturb them
I want to hear
Why bother?
You left these
I have plenty
I brought Chinese pot rice
It's cold, but it's your favorite
some old clothes and a pot of rice?
There's more
I put a note in each one
Saying what?
I love you, I miss you
Never over 4 words
took me hours
Too much work
Just put $1,000 in each
And you have me
So do you love me?
I love you
Since when?
Since you stole my name-card
What wish did you make...
on the boat?
It's already come true
Why do you cry?
Kiss her
I'll say it in Cantonese
You're...
Xiaojun
Do I know you?
I'm your neighbor
Wow, fantastic!
Why?
Oh, weather is fine
Look at them
The women here are gorgeous
I should have...
Go to hell
I want you to meet my dolphin
Really?
Bu! Bu!
Wow!